doc: deprecate `util.toUSVString` (#49725)
nodejs/node: doc/api/deprecations.md

Calling [`util.promisify`][] on a function that returns a <Promise> will ignore
the result of said promise, which can lead to unhandled promise rejections.

### DEP0175: `util.toUSVString`

<!-- YAML
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/49725
    description: Documentation-only deprecation.
-->

Type: Documentation-only

> The [`util.toUSVString()`][] API is deprecated. Please use

Reviewer: You need to define this ref

> It is recommended to use [`String.prototype.toWellFormed`][] for better
> performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`util.toUSVString()`][] API is deprecated. Please use
[`String.prototype.toWellFormed`][] instead.
```

[`Server.getConnections()`]: net.md#servergetconnectionscallback
[`Server.listen({fd: <number>})`]: net.md#serverlistenhandle-backlog-callback
[`SlowBuffer`]: buffer.md#class-slowbuffer

> [`String.prototype.toWellFormed`]: https://chromestatus.com/feature/5200195346759680

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`String.prototype.toWellFormed`]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/toWellFormed
```
